Document existence of note boxes (#25845)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: LAYOUT_STYLE_GUIDE.md

- Next bullet.

## Notes

> Notes can be added by wrapping the note in a `div` with class `lesson-note`. This will render the note into a box. Optionally you can add a header to the note; please wrap the header in a `h4`.

Reviewer: Some verbiage tweaks:

```suggestion
Note boxes can be added by wrapping the content in a `div` with the class `lesson-note`. This will add styling to make the note stand out visually to users. 

A heading can be added to a note by using an `h4` element. When adding a heading, be sure to provide text that helps describe the note rather than "A note" or "Warning".
```

If a user is navigating lessons via assistive tech, a vague heading in a note may not be super helpful, especially if there are several notes with the same or similar headings.

### Variations

> Notes come in several variation, which can be set by adding an extra class together with `lesson-note`. Options are:
> - `lesson-note--tip` for tips
> - `lesson-note--warning` for warnings about potential issues/pitfalls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note boxes come in two variations, which can be set by adding an extra class together with `lesson-note`:
- `lesson-note--tip` for tips or general information
- `lesson-note--warning` for warnings about potential issues/pitfalls, and are more severe than a tip
```

- Next bullet.

## Note boxes

Note boxes can be added by wrapping the content in a `div` with the class `lesson-note`. This will add styling to make the note stand out visually to users.

A heading can be added to a note by using an `h4` element. When adding a heading, be sure to provide text that helps describe the note rather than "A note" or "Warning".

### Variations

Note boxes come in two variations, which can be set by adding an extra class together with `lesson-note`:
- `lesson-note--tip` for tips or general information
- `lesson-note--warning` for warnings about potential issues/pitfalls, and are more severe than a tip

### Example
~~~markdown
<div class="lesson-note">
<h4>An optional title</h4>
A sample note box.
</div>
~~~
~~~markdown
<div class="lesson-note lesson-note--tip">
<h4>An optional title</h4>
A sample note box, variation: tip.
</div>

> ~~~

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
~~~

```
 
nit: There needs to be a newline here for the markdown to be reliable outside GH :)
